content/posts/001-test/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Reverse a String with Benny Carter
date: 2020-09-27
tags:
  - String
  - Fundamentals
  - Benny Carter
---

import SpotifyPlayer from "./SpotifyPlayer";

Here will a React component go:

<SpotifyPlayer
  uri="spotify:track:3t1eqyDxNDUgHBiFzPgMeZ"
  size="compact"
  theme="black"
  view="list"
/>

Here will a live code example go:

```js react-live
const onClick = () => {
  alert("You opened me");
};
render(<button onClick={onClick}>Alohomora!</button>);
```

Here will a normal code block go:

```js
(function() {

var cache = {};
var form = $('form');
var minified = true;

var dependencies = {};

var treeURL = 'https://api.github.com/repos/PrismJS/prism/git/trees/gh-pages?recursive=1';
var treePromise = new Promise(function(resolve) {
	$u.xhr({
		url: treeURL,
		callback: function(xhr) {
			if (xhr.status < 400) {
				resolve(JSON.parse(xhr.responseText).tree);
			}
		}
	});
});
```

A code block with a JSDoc comment, short, and long comment:

```js
/**
 * Get value out of string (e.g. rem => px)
 * If value is px strip the px part
 * If the input is already a number only return that value
 * @param {string | number} input
 * @param {number} [rootFontSize]
 * @return {number} Number without last three characters
 * @example removeLastThree('6rem') => 6
 */
const getValue = (input, rootFontSize = 16) => {
  if (typeof input === `number`) {
    return input / rootFontSize;
  }

  const isPxValue = input.slice(-2) === `px`;

  if (isPxValue) {
    return parseFloat(input.slice(0, -2));
  }

  return parseFloat(input.slice(0, -3));
};

// This is a little helper function
const helper = (a, b) => a + b;

// This is also a little helper function but this time with a really long one-line comment that should show some more details
const morehelper = (a, b) => a * b;

export { getValue, helper, morehelper };
```

Normal block without language:

```
import Test from "../components/test"

const Layout = ({ children }) => (
  <Test>
    {children}
  </Test>
)

export default Layout
```

Code block with code highlighting:

```jsx:title=src/components/post.jsx {5-7,10}
import React from "react";

const Post = ({ data: { post } }) => (
  <Layout>
    <Heading variant="h2" as="h2">
      {post.title}
    </Heading>
    <p
      sx={{
        color: `secondary`,
        mt: 3,
        a: { color: `secondary` },
        fontSize: [1, 1, 2],
      }}
    >
      <span>{post.date}</span>
      {post.tags && (
        <React.Fragment>
          {` — `}
          <ItemTags tags={post.tags} />
        </React.Fragment>
      )}
    </p>
    <section
      sx={{
        ...CodeStyles,
        my: 5,
        ".gatsby-resp-image-wrapper": { my: 5, boxShadow: `lg` },
      }}
    >
      <MDXRenderer>{post.body}</MDXRenderer>
    </section>
  </Layout>
);

export default Post;
```

Code block without title:

```
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
```

Code block without lineNumbers (but lang):

```text noLineNumbers
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
```

Code block without lineNumbers (and without lang):

```noLineNumbers
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
```

Code block with only the title:

```:title=src/utils/scream.js
const scream = (input) => window.alert(input)
```

Code block with only the title but without lineNumbers:

```:title=src/utils/scream.js noLineNumbers
const scream = (input) => window.alert(input)
```

Line highlighting without code title:

```js {2,4-5}
const test = 3;
const foo = "bar";
const harry = "potter";
const hermione = "granger";
const ron = "weasley";
```

Here will `inline code` go, just inside the text. Wow!

Code block without line numbers but with highlighting, language, and title:

```tsx:title=src/components/blog.tsx {7-9,16} noLineNumbers
import React from "react";

const Blog = ({ posts }: PostsProps) => {
  const { tagsPath, basePath } = useSiteMetadata();

  return (
    <Layout>
      <Flex sx={{ alignItems: `center`, justifyContent: `space-between` }}>
        <Heading variant="h2" as="h2">
          Blog
        </Heading>
        <Styled.a
          as={Link}
          sx={{ variant: `links.secondary` }}
          to={`/${basePath}/${tagsPath}`.replace(/\/\/+/g, `/`)}
        >
          View all tags
        </Styled.a>
      </Flex>
      <Listing posts={posts} sx={{ mt: [4, 5] }} />
    </Layout>
  );
};

export default Blog;
```

Commit message:

updated about page and drafted first post

content/posts/001-test/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Reverse a String with Benny Carter
date: 2020-09-27
tags:
  - String
  - Fundamentals
  - Benny Carter
---

import SpotifyPlayer from "/Users/peter_tardif/Documents/Code/projects/jazzy-js/content/posts/SpotifyPlayer.js";

#### Benny Carter - "Easy Money"

My father, Richie T, has an old real-to-real music player. When I was growing up I used to think it was ancient and funny that my dad would play music on it. My grandfather, Rene T, played the organ at church and there are many reels to document this.  However, Richie T. would often record music from the radio as well. There was one snippet of jazz about one minute in length that my dad loved, but could never identify. It was not until Shazam became popular that my dad finally found out the snippet was Benny Carter's "Easy Money".  It is an excellent song and I hope you like it!

<SpotifyPlayer
  uri="spotify:track:3t1eqyDxNDUgHBiFzPgMeZ"
  size="compact"
  theme="black"
  view="list"
/>

Now let's look at an ultimate classic and maybe one of the first functions I attempted to solve when I first learned JavaScript: "Reverse a String".

```js react-live
const onClick = () => {
  alert("You opened me");
};
render(<button onClick={onClick}>Alohomora!</button>);
```

Here will a normal code block go:

```js
(function() {

var cache = {};
var form = $('form');
var minified = true;

var dependencies = {};

var treeURL = 'https://api.github.com/repos/PrismJS/prism/git/trees/gh-pages?recursive=1';
var treePromise = new Promise(function(resolve) {
	$u.xhr({
		url: treeURL,
		callback: function(xhr) {
			if (xhr.status < 400) {
				resolve(JSON.parse(xhr.responseText).tree);
			}
		}
	});
});
```

A code block with a JSDoc comment, short, and long comment:

```js
/**
 * Get value out of string (e.g. rem => px)
 * If value is px strip the px part
 * If the input is already a number only return that value
 * @param {string | number} input
 * @param {number} [rootFontSize]
 * @return {number} Number without last three characters
 * @example removeLastThree('6rem') => 6
 */
const getValue = (input, rootFontSize = 16) => {
  if (typeof input === `number`) {
    return input / rootFontSize;
  }

  const isPxValue = input.slice(-2) === `px`;

  if (isPxValue) {
    return parseFloat(input.slice(0, -2));
  }

  return parseFloat(input.slice(0, -3));
};

// This is a little helper function
const helper = (a, b) => a + b;

// This is also a little helper function but this time with a really long one-line comment that should show some more details
const morehelper = (a, b) => a * b;

export { getValue, helper, morehelper };
```

Normal block without language:

```
import Test from "../components/test"

const Layout = ({ children }) => (
  <Test>
    {children}
  </Test>
)

export default Layout
```

Code block with code highlighting:

```jsx:title=src/components/post.jsx {5-7,10}
import React from "react";

const Post = ({ data: { post } }) => (
  <Layout>
    <Heading variant="h2" as="h2">
      {post.title}
    </Heading>
    <p
      sx={{
        color: `secondary`,
        mt: 3,
        a: { color: `secondary` },
        fontSize: [1, 1, 2],
      }}
    >
      <span>{post.date}</span>
      {post.tags && (
        <React.Fragment>
          {` — `}
          <ItemTags tags={post.tags} />
        </React.Fragment>
      )}
    </p>
    <section
      sx={{
        ...CodeStyles,
        my: 5,
        ".gatsby-resp-image-wrapper": { my: 5, boxShadow: `lg` },
      }}
    >
      <MDXRenderer>{post.body}</MDXRenderer>
    </section>
  </Layout>
);

export default Post;
```

Code block without title:

```
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
```

Code block without lineNumbers (but lang):

```text noLineNumbers
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
```

Code block without lineNumbers (and without lang):

```noLineNumbers
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
```

Code block with only the title:

```:title=src/utils/scream.js
const scream = (input) => window.alert(input)
```

Code block with only the title but without lineNumbers:

```:title=src/utils/scream.js noLineNumbers
const scream = (input) => window.alert(input)
```

Line highlighting without code title:

```js {2,4-5}
const test = 3;
const foo = "bar";
const harry = "potter";
const hermione = "granger";
const ron = "weasley";
```

Here will `inline code` go, just inside the text. Wow!

Code block without line numbers but with highlighting, language, and title:

```tsx:title=src/components/blog.tsx {7-9,16} noLineNumbers
import React from "react";

const Blog = ({ posts }: PostsProps) => {
  const { tagsPath, basePath } = useSiteMetadata();

  return (
    <Layout>
      <Flex sx={{ alignItems: `center`, justifyContent: `space-between` }}>
        <Heading variant="h2" as="h2">
          Blog
        </Heading>
        <Styled.a
          as={Link}
          sx={{ variant: `links.secondary` }}
          to={`/${basePath}/${tagsPath}`.replace(/\/\/+/g, `/`)}
        >
          View all tags
        </Styled.a>
      </Flex>
      <Listing posts={posts} sx={{ mt: [4, 5] }} />
    </Layout>
  );
};

export default Blog;
```
