content/pages/about/index.mdx, before:

---
title: About
slug: "/about"
---

Hi!

Remus Lupin - also known as Moony - is currently teaching "Defense against the Dark Arts" at Hogwarts. He was afflicted with lycanthropy during his childhood, as a result of Fenrir Greyback's revenge against Lyall. He attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1971-1978 and was Sorted into Gryffindor House. During his school years he was one of the Marauders, best friends with Sirius Black, James Potter, and Peter Pettigrew. Together they created the Marauder's Map.

He fought against Death Eaters once more in the Second Wizarding War, during which he lost his friend Sirius. In 1997, Remus married fellow Order member Nymphadora Tonks and had a son, Edward Remus Lupin, of whom he named Harry the godfather. Remus fought at the Battle of Hogwarts on 2 May, 1998, during which his wife was murdered by Bellatrix Lestrange. Remus was also murdered by Death Eater, Antonin Dolohov, during the first half of the same battle. His death was avenged by Filius Flitwick.

Commit message:

updated about page and drafted first post

content/pages/about/index.mdx, after:

---
title: About
slug: "/about"
---

Opinionated is a word often thrown around in development conversations, whether it references a new technology, framework, library, or even a developer. In programming, most people can agree that there are many ways to accomplish the same task. Evidence, send out a tweet to the Twittersphere stating "The best way to solve ____________ is to..." and just watch the comments come in. If you need further evidence, do a quick search on Stack Overflow for a common problem. You mighht feel like you are in an endless scroll, but you are not. There are must many ways to do the same thing. It is therefore up to the developer or development team to decide on the best approach for their purpose. 

Developers have opinions and as a new developer, it is often hard to find answers that you can not only understand, but provide optimal solutions to the problems. This website is designed to help all levels of JavaScript developers see, review, comment, and/or add multiple approaches to a problem in one place.

Then why Jazzy JS? Well, two reasons. Jazz music is built around improvisation and development shares this same spirit. The second reason is my father loves jazz music. If you want to know how I felt about jazz growing up, check out [Paul F. Tompkins stand up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKSMbPbuGYE) on jazz. But over the years and many conversations, I have grown to like it. My pops and I have bonded over the years and I want to now share the jazz with the development world.

So, each entry will follow a similar pattern. I will briefly introduce a song or artist with a link to a spotify track, album, or playlist. The music will have a brief connection to a programming concept, sometimes explicit and sometimes not. The programming concept will showcase multiple methods curated from around the web to solve the problem. 

I hope you enjoy!
